Optional support of msgpack.v5 (#174)
tarantool/go-tarantool: README.md

* a space number (it could just as easily have been a space name), and
* a tuple.

### msgpack.v5 migration

Most function names and argument types in `msgpack.v5` and `msgpack.v2`

> have not changed (except at least `EncodeInt`, `EncodeUint` and `RegisterExt`).

Reviewer: I don't get what `except at least` should mean. It is a confusing sentence.

Author: I've rewrote the sentence:
```
Most function names and argument types in `msgpack.v5` and `msgpack.v2`         
have not changed (in our code, we noticed changes in `EncodeInt`, `EncodeUint`  
and `RegisterExt`). But there are a lot of changes in a logic of encoding and   
deconding. On the plus side the migration seems easy, but on the minus side you 
need to be very careful.
```

I hope that it became clearer.

* a space number (it could just as easily have been a space name), and
* a tuple.

### msgpack.v5 migration

Most function names and argument types in `msgpack.v5` and `msgpack.v2`
have not changed (in our code, we noticed changes in `EncodeInt`, `EncodeUint`
and `RegisterExt`). But there are a lot of changes in a logic of encoding and

> deconding. On the plus side the migration seems easy, but on the minus side you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
decoding. On the plus side the migration seems easy, but on the minus side you
```

Author: Thank you, fixed.

need to be very careful.

First of all, `EncodeInt8`, `EncodeInt16`, `EncodeInt32`, `EncodeInt64`
and `EncodeUint*` analogues at `msgpack.v5` encode numbers as is without loss of
type. In `msgpack.v2` the type of a number is reduced to a value.

Secondly, a base decoding function does not convert numbers to `int64` or

> `uint64`. The change makes manual type conversions much more difficult and can

Reviewer: It's not clear from that description what type v5 convert numbers to.

Author: I tried to make it more clear:
```patch
--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -166,14 +166,15 @@ and `EncodeUint*` analogues at `msgpack.v5` encode numbers as is without loss of
 type. In `msgpack.v2` the type of a number is reduced to a value.
 
 Secondly, a base decoding function does not convert numbers to `int64` or
-`uint64`. The change makes manual type conversions much more difficult and can
-lead to runtime erros with an old code. We recommend not use type conversions
+`uint64`. It converts numbers to an exact type defined by MessagePack. The
+change makes manual type conversions much more difficult and can lead to
+runtime errors with an old code. We do not recommend to use type conversions
 and give preference to `*Typed` functions (besides, it's faster).
```

> lead to runtime erros with an old code. We recommend not use type conversions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lead to runtime errors with an old code. We do not recommend to use type conversions
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

and give preference to `*Typed` functions (besides, it's faster).

There are also changes in the logic that can lead to errors in the old code,
[as example](https://github.com/vmihailenco/msgpack/issues/327). Although in

> `msgpack.v5` has added some functions for the logic tuning see

Author: Thank you! Fixed.

> [UseLooseInterfaceDecoding](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmihailenco/msgpack/v5#Decoder.UseLooseInterfaceDecoding), [UseCompactInts](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmihailenco/msgpack/v5#Encoder.UseCompactInts) etc, but it is still impossible

Author: Thank you! Changed.
